Jiao Jing Wan, I know you are nearby,
The video is colorful. I'll give you five minutes,
To apologize to my wife. What video?
secret. You and I still have secrets.
Those are the videos. daughter in law,
Don't you think I'm going too far?
meeting. That's what she brought upon herself,
She wanted to harm me even to her death. How often do you want to come back?
All are back. I'm going to apologize.
Do you want to get involved in interviews? Mimi,
It's not enough for me to apologize. night wish,
sorry. That's it. I shouldn't have teamed up with Zhang Nu to frame you.
Pretend to be vigilant about the identity you care about
What about what happened before?
Ah, wife, don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid
I don't dare to assume my name and be wary of the identity you are concerned about.
I still bully you. I'm sorry. Trust me.
What do you have money to keep?
But what you are saying now
No words will be used as evidence in the future.
No one can take credit from you
Well, so what if I lied to you?
I don’t know because my husband betrayed you